Adds tutorial and a guide (#522)
partykit/partykit: apps/docs/src/content/docs/tutorials/add-partykit-to-a-nextjs-app/7-deploy-your-app.md

---
title: Deploy your poll app
sidebar:
    label: 7. Deploy your poll app
description: PartyKit hosts the real-time server but you can host your website at any deployment platform of your choosing
---

PartyKit hosts the real-time server but you can host your website at any deployment platform of your choosing.

While you don't need separate repositories for the client and the PartyKit server, you will need to deploy them separately.

## Deploy Next.js app

In the case of this specific Next.js app, you will most probably deploy it to Vercel, in which case you can follow [the Vercel deployment guide](https://nextjs.org/learn/basics/deploying-nextjs-app/deploy).

> Please remember to also set the environment variables mentioned (such as `PARTYKIT_URL`). To do so, you can follow [the Vercel guide on secrets management](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/configuring/environment-variables).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please remember to also set the environment variables mentioned (such as `NEXT_PUBLIC_PARTYKIT_HOST`). To do so, you can follow [the Vercel guide on secrets management](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/configuring/environment-variables).

In the example repository, we've included an `.env.example` file that contains the environment variables you need to set.
```
